Joe Peak
It's not that the shrinking turtle doesn't dare to fight, right?
elder
You have to deal with me personally
Really give me face
Boy, stop talking
Hurt my camel
To make you pay off your debt
Come master
Give me a headshot
Kid today
The old man will let you know
See my signature kung fu of Yingxianmen
Flying dragon gripper
It is said that the Sun Immortal is endless
Trick dragon gripper
It is better than thunder to attack the enemy twice
With my current merits, I have already taken it
Oh, the master killed him.
It seems you are doing it again.
What are you waiting for?
Are you afraid of being mysterious?
Pretend to be calm
Zuoqinglong Dragon Ball
Past the right white tiger
Hey!
Hero Stealing Boxer
If this goes on, I am afraid that I will not be the opponent of the people of Chiyang Town
Good show, the flying dragon grappling hand is really amazing
If it weren't for the Dragon Ball Tiger
I will lose